you know man can add all sorts of things
the water to make it taste differently
and have pretty colors but when you're
really thirsty bio to is just playing
over water yes it's not just about me
and my family or you and your family
it's a valid Merc in itself it's about
you know New York City you say what's
new york city got to see us it's part of
a marquee that's what's got another name
for here for any people in giant
tireless in there it is clear that the
studies show that that comes along with
over 100 miracles are people around the
world this team that's putting this
documentary together will for once and
for all divine blood pollution will no
longer have corporate executives saying
well there are two hundred other
chemicals that an Android
I'm going to hold them accountable how
far did it spread its all around the
world it's in polar bears and last time
I checked they don't wear gore-tex
jacket so and then they don't cook on
Teflon everything on the meter faces
times Tim we listen in about 60 to 70
micro are at 35 centimeters deep and
what we have now is an absolute epidemic
of illness and children now the likes of
which we've never seen one out of every
100 to 150 children has autism it's
contaminated the world looks for better
things for better living through
chemistry the science that has carried
us beyond the Machine Age on into a
world of new materials that are not
found in nature maybe are the bunch of
chemicals and purifies maybe in
lithography that is not risen today